Plan to Create a Striking Text Effect:

1. Define the Purpose:

Begin by clearly stating the purpose of this text effect. Explain why you are implementing it and what visual impact or user experience you aim to achieve.
2. Create the Text Element:

Commence by introducing an <h1> element containing the text that will receive the effect. Describe its initial appearance, resembling it being laid on a plane, setting the stage for transformation.
3. Apply Transformations and Styling:

Detail the transformative steps to achieve the desired effect. First, rotate and skew the text, imparting a dynamic perspective. Additionally, enlarge the text size, set its color to white, and employ a radial gradient to bestow a captivating circular linear gradient appearance.
4. Define Animation:

Elaborate on the animation aspect. At the animation's commencement (0% progress) and conclusion (100% progress), specify that the blur effect is absent, the text shadow remains undisturbed, and there is no translation (movement).
At the midway point (50% progress), elucidate that the blur intensifies to 20px, the text shadow dynamically shifts to (-50px 50px 0 black), and a compelling translation effect unfolds (50px -50px).
Highlight the animation's temporal duration, utilizing the ease-in-out easing function, and ensure it continues indefinitely, reinforcing the effect's allure.
5. Consider Responsiveness:

If the effect should adapt to diverse screen sizes, briefly outline your strategy. Will you employ responsive units, media queries, or alternative techniques to ensure seamless adaptability?
6. Browser Compatibility:

Acknowledge the potential browser compatibility challenges that may arise. Express your intent to diligently test and fine-tune the effect to guarantee harmonious functioning across various browsers.
7. Testing and Debugging:

Articulate the tools and methodologies you will wield for rigorous testing and meticulous debugging. This approach will safeguard the effect's consistent performance in diverse scenarios.
8. Alternative Approaches (Optional):

Optionally, disclose any alternative design choices or methodologies that were contemplated during the planning phase. Offer insights into the rationale behind your ultimate selection, affording a glimpse into your decision-making process.
With these additional considerations, your plan emerges as a comprehensive and insightful guide for manifesting the captivating text effect. It not only guarantees clarity and responsiveness but also underscores the importance of cross-browser compatibility and rigorous testing to ensure a seamless user experience.



/////////////////////////////
you have already notices that skew adds a visual 3d space effect on the element just as id did here 
but to creaate an actial 3d elements with 3d  animations and effects  there are preserve3d with perspective . 


background: radial-gradient(#80adc3, #495e69); - what is  -radial-gradient(#80adc3, #495e69 -?
The radial gradient starts from the center and gradually transitions from the first color (#80adc3) to the second color (#495e69) in a radial pattern. The result is a background that looks like a circular gradient, with the lighter blue color in the center and the darker blue-green color towards the edges.
You can adjust the size, position, and shape of the radial gradient by providing additional values within the radial-gradient function, but in this case, it appears to use default values for a centered circular gradient.
/* A gradient at the center of its container,
   starting red, changing to blue, and finishing green */
radial-gradient(circle at center, red 0, blue, green 100%)






what is the difference between ease-in-out and ease  in css animation  effects /
In CSS animations, ease-in-out and ease are two different timing functions that control the pace(property changes over time) of the animation/transition. They determine how the animated property changes over time. Here's the difference between the two:
Ease-in-out (ease-in-out):
With ease-in-out, the animation starts slowly, accelerates in the middle, and then slows down towards the end.
It provides a smooth and gradual transition in and out of the animation, making it a good choice for most animations where you want a natural, balanced movement.
It's often used for animations that involve elements entering and exiting the screen, as it creates a more realistic motion.
Ease (ease):
ease is a simpler timing function compared to ease-in-out.
It starts at full speed, then decelerates gradually at the end of the animation.
This timing function is often used when you want a quick start to the animation with a smooth slowdown at the end.
It can be suitable for animations where you want to emphasize the beginning of the motion or when the animation should appear snappier.





so em means relative to the parent and rem means relative to the browsers default 
Yes, you're correct:
em is a relative unit in CSS, and it's relative to the font size of the parent element. If you apply 1em, it will be one times the font size of the parent.
rem is also a relative unit, but it's relative to the root element's (<html>) font size, which is typically the browser's default font size. If you apply 1rem, it will be one times the font size of the root element.
Because rem is relative to the root element and doesn't cascade like em (which can be influenced by nested parent elements), it's often used for creating more consistent and predictable layouts, especially in responsive web design.


underrated properties 
ease
ease-in
ease-out
ease-in-out
goto mdn then try and see all of these animations in the easing funcyions section 




